Update index.md (#29265)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/index.md

ASP.NET Core ships with the following:

> * [Kestrel server](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is the default, cross-platform HTTP server implementation. Kestrel provides the best performance and memory utilization, but it doesn't have some of the advanced features in HTTP.sys. For more information, see [Kestrel vs. HTTP.sys](&tabs=windows#korh) in the windows tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Kestrel server](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is the default, cross-platform HTTP server implementation. Kestrel provides the best performance and memory utilization, but it doesn't have some of the advanced features in HTTP.sys. For more information, see [Kestrel vs. HTTP.sys](&tabs=windows#korh) in the Windows tab.
```

> * [Kestrel server](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is the default, cross-platform HTTP server implementation. Kestrel provides the best performance and memory utilization, but it doesn't have some of the advanced features in HTTP.sys. For more information, see [Kestrel vs. HTTP.sys](&tabs=windows#korh) in the next section.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Kestrel server](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) is the default, cross-platform HTTP server implementation. Kestrel provides the best performance and memory utilization, but it doesn't have some of the advanced features in HTTP.sys. For more information, see [Kestrel vs. HTTP.sys](&tabs=windows#korh) in the windows tab.
```
